alright this is something that doesn't
every summer we have a a pedestrian
belly flop competition we have people on
the street take off their clothes and
jump into a pool but this year we
decided why wait so we set the pool up
and it's time to invite some strangers
who are passing by our theater to flats
the pool let's go out to cousin Sal who
is out on Hollywood Boulevard it's a
polar vortex out out Jimmy but we'll get
through it
have you been wrangling people of ups I
got this guy alright hold on are you are
you a cop at that no no just stone for
the magnum p.i look alright I like to
look it's very it's retro what is your
name James Jimmy whatever you like don't
make it confusing obviously I like Jimmy
alright what do you do for work
Jimmy I do security for a company called
CIT and I also work at a vape shop to
stay afloat to stay afloat
really yeah that's good those are gear
Mo's exact qualifications well tell them
to come on down to Florida man a vape
shop huh okay well great well did you
want to flop your belt you don't have a
much of a belly but you make the most
I'll let him borrow us okay yes all
right let's come on through and let's
see if we have anybody else out there
Sal come on okay oh hello what's your
name
Adina do you know are you from I'm
Newport Beach and what do you do for
work Dena I'm actually a biology student
at USC you are a bio did your parents
pay to get you in there
no not that I know all right when we
keep in mind we're gonna do a little
background check on you after day all
right
would you like to belly flop tonight I
would love to belly flop all right come
on through then shall find a few more
bellies and send them all through and
and we'll have a big competition our
competitors tonight will be judged on
style skill and most importantly water
displacement so this is gonna be good oh
okay good all right we have more
flockers very good
[Applause]
[Music]
oh good we got some good bellies there
here we get going out there - yeah I
know with them all right very good all
right
it's like the it's like the least
spectacular Parade ever
all right let's go to our back lock
where our 13
[Applause]
that is our official belly flop security
guard Guillermo how you feeling about
Guillermo filling grad Jimmy pretty
great okay I would also like to
introduce you to our judges tonight
first up this gentleman won an Olympic
bronze medal in 2018 for the United
States he is a mirrored ball winning
champion from Dancing with the Stars
please say hello to Adam Adam you are a
professional athlete what is the primary
difference between figure skating and
belly-flopping
honestly I don't really feel like there
is a difference I'm really looking for a
lot of passion and more than anything I
want to get wet nice next up she is the
official scorekeeper on the ABC show to
tell the truth which is hosted by her
son Anthony Anderson
please welcome Dora's mama
[Applause]
you too Jimmy I'm here well hi if you
are here who is at home watching Anthony
right now did you get a sitter yes I did
you did okay are you ready for this
Doris yes Dan in the anchor position he
is the frontman for the band Sugar Ray
he almost won the season of Celebrity
Big Brother please welcome mark McGrath
[Applause]
mark you famously just wanted to fly
what do you look for in a in a belly
flop Jimmy like life it is commitment to
what you're doing if I don't see full
commitment you're gonna get a zero from
the guy the douche and Sugar Ray well
don't be hard on fair but listen I like
this team of judges we have here they're
taking this seriously and I hope our
contestants will as well Guillermo bring
out flopper number one
I don't I thought that was nothing I
didn't see that either did that camera
Jimmy we almost washed you before you
even got to the edge of the pool all
right Jimmy you're looking good as you
chose the speedo or the speedo chose you
the speedo chose me I don't like are you
having any regret about your decision to
do this right now not yet not yet yeah
all right you ready to do this again
we're looking for passion we're looking
for commitment and most of all we're
looking for a lot of water all right you
get a lot of passion here we go
and it's Jimmy here I count them down
three the slow-motion instant replay so
we can really examine Jimmy's work here
yeah pretty good pretty good you got a
lot of belly in there but let's let the
judges be the judge Adam what do you say
you know what I think for the vape King
from Florida uh-huh definitely a nice
all right Doris get 792 again Riley mark
lot of banana a lot of commitment I'm
giving in there how do you feel Jimmy
that's a pretty good score I feel alive
Jimmy okay well you live all right well
cousin Sal has a little something for
you our hot dog enjoy and we'll go let's
go back up should we go back up to the
platform Guillermo oh yes it is Dina
hello Dina
Dina you are at a disadvantage you seem
to have no stomach whatsoever
yeah is there anything you want to say
to the haters before we begin um I'm
gonna belly fought this thing I'll show
you well you know what you got to get a
perfect score real well you got a 27 to
beat Jimmy got three nines so let's see
what you got Karen will counter down all
right well let's take a look at that
again in slow motion here and see Deena
she got a little ittle a bug for a belly
there and really well let's go to the
judges like my wig is getting more wet
than Doris Doris are you really wearing
a wig yeah mark I don't think there's
any way Dina can win this anyway but
what score do you give her well
commitment fulfillment and a fellow
Trojan and I didn't pay to get in either
giving you a
[Applause]
all right let's Dino what do you think
what happened there I don't know I just
went for it
and yeah I did I tried to eat add like
six cookies afraid you were a good sport
and cousin shells gonna give you hard on
the belly for the next time there you go
eat that hot dog yeah it's full of
delicious fat are you I would imagine
you you don't have a lot of belly under
that shirt but are you a belly flop or
anything I was watching the belly
competition from backstage you want to
check one out you got to be part of what
well this is the thing that that girl
got robbed her belly flop was definitely
superior to the guy you thought so yeah
because there's a technical reason her
the the guy like put his elbows and
knees down first that doesn't hurt as
much she went pure belly flop she should
have won okay you're saying you're
focused on technique rather than result
on pain I see how much pain are you in
during that guy that he put his elbows
down to the last minute that doesn't
that doesn't hurt interesting
interesting wait but you are not a
licensed belly flop judge thank you that
stratum is like Doris is like mark is
you know can I judge one though yeah
sure let's go out there right not gonna
be any alright okay here we go now this
is
this is great what keep your elbows up
Terry King Terry King where are you from
Kerri lick Providence Louisiana all
right very good so you probably jumped
into swamps and stuff right shoot him
Elizabeth now Joseph gordon-levitt has
some advice for you I don't know if you
heard his advice you want a pure belly
flop none of this elbows down knees down
like the mustache guy all right the
belly forward yeah I knew this baby was
gonna come in here all right yeah are
you ready to do this I'm ready
all right gear will count them down
[Music]
[Applause]
that was excellent that's the deal right
let's look at that again in slow motion
as we have been known to do and here it
go okay see yes he didn't rise elbows
down you're right he touch the pure
belly yeah he took it full on judges
what do you say Adam you know what they
make them dense in Louisiana that's
right
Doris I like you I like the belly-flop
Doris this is not a dating show finally
mark mark what do you say Jimmy that man
was born to flop and Joseph thank you
for recognizing technique that man could
take Ken
first of all I'd like to thank my mama
to bless me with all this beauty yes you
get two hot dogs that's like a Nathan
shower
you're right well done
Fairey is the king of the valley club
competition hi I'm Judy Kimmel I hope
you enjoyed that video hit subscribe and
all your dreams will come true assuming
your dreams are to watch more YouTube
videos